what's up Dave here's big sharp tackle
World Court domination world carb
domination HQ here is there's big carp
tackle and I'll all the days of goodies
there's all debate drying racks rolling
tables all the leads over here we've got
just about anything you could want and
your tackle box all the brig stuff it's
like floor-to-ceiling pegboards every
piece of tackle you can imagine on it
over here we got some rods looks like
waist length bed chairs there's the
order cart and here we have some baked
just keeps going go and I'll bang stick
storm pulls every bank stick imaginable
tackle bags over here on the Nash to Fox
stuff it just keeps it going so our wall
pop-up bait for to see more so our
stainless
mud feet all these all rods it's kind of
dark I don't know if they're going to
show up or not hold the spot having to
hold it up so you can see it there it is
that's it's big carp chapel let's this
warehouse there's still one more
warehouse it's mostly just full of bait
so there you go when you order stuff
this where it comes from the promised
land